add show/hide buttons (#1125)
ewels/MultiQC: docs/customisation.md

    - ["SRR1067510_1", "Sample_3", "MYBESTSAMP_3"]
```

## Show / Hide samples buttons
It is possible to filter which samples are visible through the [report toolbox](#hiding-samples), 
but it can be desirable to embed such patterns into the report so that they can be shared 
with others. One example can be to add filters for batches, to easily scan if certain 
quality metrics overlap between these batches. 

It's possible to supply a file with one or more patterns to filter samples on using the
`--show-patterns` command line option. This file should be a tab-delimited file with any number 
of rows containing the button name, the pattern, and whether the pattern should be hidden 
or shown. For example your want to be able to filter on read pair groups, you can add a file 
like this:

```

> read_group_1  _R1 show
> read_group_2  _R2 show

Reviewer: My only feature-addition suggestion is that I can imagine people requesting that a button applies _multiple_ filter patterns. This could be accommodated fairly easily if we move the `show`/`hide` to the second column and then allow any number of columns after that for multiple patterns.

```suggestion
read_group_1  show _R1
read_group_2  show _R2 _read2
```

```

> Note that MultiQC automatically adds an `all` button which reverts back to showing all samples. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that MultiQC automatically adds a `Show all` button which reverts back to showing all samples. 
```

Reviewer: It would be good to document that this can also be done using just a MultiQC config file too.

```yaml
show_hide_buttons:
  - read_group_1
  - read_group_2
show_hide_patterns:
  - _R1
  - _R2
show_or_hide:
  - show
  - show
```
